[DOC] Add documentation for multi cluster support in smart drivers (#26806)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/stable/drivers-orms/java/yugabyte-jdbc.md

| fallback-to-topology-keys-only | If set to true and `topology-keys` are specified, the driver only tries to connect to nodes specified in `topology-keys` | false |
| failed-host-reconnect-delay-secs | Time, in seconds, to wait before trying to connect to failed nodes. When the driver is unable to connect to a node, it marks the node as failed using a timestamp, and ignores the node when trying new connections until this time elapses. | 5 |

> In v{{< version-driver-java >}} and later, the `load-balance` property supports the following additional properties: any (alias for 'true'), only-primary, only-rr, prefer-primary, and prefer-rr. See [Node type-aware load balancing](../../smart-drivers/#node-type-aware-load-balancing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In v42.7.3-yb-1 and later, the `load-balance` property supports the following additional properties: any (alias for 'true'), only-primary, only-rr, prefer-primary, and prefer-rr. See [Node type-aware load balancing](../../smart-drivers/#node-type-aware-load-balancing).
```
